watch your corners boys we don't know
who clean this place out Lord guarantees
the mysteries of this place of a million
you will pay for your transgressions
with your lives okay at least we know
what happened to the other expedition
aah hold up there those Protoss cannons
will tear is the new one if we try to
advance Swan you promised me siege tanks
where are they settle down hotshot
they're coming these babies will knock
those cannons down from a nice safe
distance Mobius base local net accessed
decrypting security overrides
transferring control of base structures
to you commander fine 174 gigawatt the
power of the Sun I get it aimed at that
door and let's get cut
laser output is good drilling will take
some time but there's no other way into
the temple sir the taldor emaar
mobilizing their forces against us so we
set a perimeter and protect the drill
until we're through I'm just glad we've
got these tanks we need bunkers and
siege tanks defending that laser drill
we got no chance of claiming the
artifact without it
you would desecrate that which belongs
to the rods this will not be worn by a
faithful sir those are Protoss archons
if they get too close our men won't
stand a chance I'm giving you manual
control of the laser drill see if you
can use it against the Protoss all right
you heard the man swing that laser
around we can use it to drive back the
Protoss
additional spider goats
ah the laser drill has breached the
doors outer layer
Oh alert enemy air units on approach
vector dammit air units nothing those
are transports use the laser to knock
them down fast
you have prevailed for now word of this
sacrilege will echo horse the stars
James Raynor the day of reckoning draws
near these artifacts piercing real
popular Tigers what do we care long as
the page good
really I'd say get vaporized by the town
dream definitely counts as diminishing
returns